At all times, you should know where you stand in terms of your vacation and/or sick leave allowance and utilization. If you do not, ask HR.
Employees LESS THAN 24 Months Complete are allowed a maximum of 12 vacation days per year from January to December. 
Please double check the "Prorated Vacation Days" table below, to determine your maximum allowed vacation days
Employees MORE THAN 24 Months Complete are allowed a maximum of 15 vacation days per year from January to December. 
NOTE: If you are an EXPERIENCED hire, and have more than 24 months (or more) working experience prior to joining exmaple, you fall into this bracket of vacation days allowance.
Please double check the “Prorated Vacation Days” table below, to determine your maximum allowed vacation days.
Trainees Cannot take vacation leave during the probationary period (first 3 months of employment). 
Trainees who have been with the company for less than 12 months may not use more than 5 vacation days during a single leave request. Any decisions made to adjust this will be done at the discretion of the employee’s Manager & HR.[d]

Employees looking to take vacation for a total of 0 to 15 days - dependent on their vacation leave balance - are required to submit a request to their Manager, concerned team members, and leave@exmaple.com, projectmanagement@exmaple.com and hr@exmaple.com AT LEAST TWO (2) weeks (14 working days) in advance. 
Employees looking to take vacation for a total of 15-19 days or more - dependent on their vacation leave balance - are required to submit a request to their Manager, concerned team members, and leave@exmaple.com, projectmanagement@exmaple.com and hr@exmaple.com AT LEAST 1 CALENDAR MONTH in advance.
Employees looking to take vacation for a total of 20 days or more - dependent on their vacation leave balance - are required to submit a request to their Manager, concerned team members, and leave@exmaple.com,projectmanagement@exmaple.com and hr@exmaple.com AT LEAST 2 CALENDAR MONTHS in advance.